Add layer property (#3)
zhoonit/tizen-docs: docs/application/native/guides/machine-learning/machine-learning-training.md

ml_train_model_add_layer(model, layer);
```

> There are 2 types of layers which includes commonly trainable weigths and a layer which does not includes.

Reviewer: which include

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 2 types of layers.
One type includes commonly trainable weights and another type does not include.
```

> There are 2 types of layers which includes (weight_initializer, bias_initializer, weight_regularizer, weight_regularizer_constant) properties and a layer which doesn't includes. 

Reviewer: does not

Reviewer: which includes commonly trainable weights,

> The following are the available properties for each layer type which include (weight_initializer, bias_initializer, weight_regularizer, weight_regularizer_constant) properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following are the available properties for each layer type which include commonly trainable weights.
```

Type | Key | value | Description
---------- | --- | ----- | -----------

> (Universal properties)                                       |                             |                           | Universal properties that applies to every layer

Reviewer: We will need default value column

&#xfeff;                                                     | activation                  | (categorical)             | Activation type
&#xfeff;                                                     |                             | tanh                      | Hyperbolic tangent
&#xfeff;                                                     |                             | sigmoid                   | Sigmoid function
&#xfeff;                                                     |                             | relu                      | Relu function
&#xfeff;                                                     |                             | softmax                   | Softmax function
&#xfeff;                                                     | loss                        | (float)                   | Loss
&#xfeff;                                                     | weight_initializer          | (categorical)             | Weight initializer
&#xfeff;                                                     |                             | zeros                     | Zero initialization

> &#xfeff;                                                     |                             | lecun_normal              | LeCun Normal Initialization

Reviewer: consistency

&#xfeff;                                                     |                             | he_uniform                | He Uniform Initialization
&#xfeff;                                                     | weight_regularizer          | (categorical)             | Weight regularizer. Currently, only l2norm is supported
&#xfeff;                                                     |                             | l2norm                    | L2 weight regularizer
&#xfeff;                                                     | weight_regularizer_constant | (float)                   | Weight regularizer constant
`ML_TRAIN_LAYER_TYPE_FC`                                     |                             |                           | Fully connected layer
&#xfeff;                                                     | unit                        | (unsigned integer)        | Number of outputs
`ML_TRAIN_LAYER_TYPE_CONV2D` (since 6.5)                     |                             |                           | 2D Convolution layer
&#xfeff;                                                     | filters                     | (unsigned integer)        | Number of filters

> &#xfeff;                                                     | kerner_size                 | (unsigned integer array)  | Comma-seperated unsigned integers for kernel size, `height, width`  respectively

Reviewer: Array of unsigned integer

> &#xfeff;                                                     | kerner_size                 | (unsigned integer array)  | Comma-seperated unsigned integers for kernel size, `height, width`  respectively

Reviewer: kernel_size

&#xfeff;                                                     | stride                      | (unsigned integer array)  | Comma-seperated unsigned integers for strides, `height, width`  respectively
&#xfeff;                                                     | padding                     | (categorical)             | Padding type
&#xfeff;                                                     |                             | valid                     | No padding
&#xfeff;                                                     |                             | same                      | Preserve height/width dimension

> &#xfeff;                                                     |                             | (unsigned integer)        | Padding for all 4 direction

Reviewer: size of padding applied uniformly to all side

> &#xfeff;                                                     |                             | (unsigned integer array)  | Padding for height, width

Reviewer: array of unsigned integer of size 2

&#xfeff;                                                     |                             | he_uniform                | He Uniform Initialization
&#xfeff;                                                     | momentum                    | (float)                   | Momentum for moving average in batch normalization
`ML_TRAIN_LAYER_TYPE_POOLING2D` (since 6.5)                  |                             |                           | Pooling layer
&#xfeff;                                                     | pooling                     | (categorical)             | Pooling type
&#xfeff;                                                     |                             | max                       | Max pooling
&#xfeff;                                                     |                             | average                   | Average pooling
&#xfeff;                                                     |                             | global_max                | Global max pooling
&#xfeff;                                                     |                             | global_average            | Global average pooling

> &#xfeff;                                                     | pool_size                   | (unsigned integer vector) | Comma-seperated unsigned intergers for pooling size, `height, width`  respectively

Reviewer: omit vector, array

```ini
[Model] # Special section that describes model itself
Type = NeuralNetwork  # Model type : only NeuralNetwork is supported as of now
batch_size = 9

####  Model run related properties
Epochs = 20     # Epochs
save_path = "model.bin"   # model path to save and read parameters

[Optimizer]
Type = adam  # Optimizer : Adaptive Moment Estimation(adam)
Learning_rate = 0.0001  # Learning rate for the optimizer
Decay_rate = 0.96 # The decay rate for decaying the learning rate
Decay_steps = 1000       # decay step for the exponentially decayed learning rate
beta1 = 0.9     # beta 1 for adam
beta2 = 0.9999  # beta 2 for adam
epsilon = 1e-7  # epsilon for adam

> [Train_set]

Reviewer: train_set

BufferSize = 9
Type = file
path = "trainingSet.dat"

[valid_set]
BufferSize = 9
Type = file
path = "valSet.dat"

> 

Reviewer: please comment below like
```
# Add [test_set] section if applicable,.
```
